# Good First Issues

This is a list of JavaScript repositories with good first issues for newcomers to open source. Contributions are welcome!

This list gets updated every day at midnight.

## [cdxgen/cdxgen](https://github.com/cdxgen/cdxgen)

- [Support for vscode-extension](https://github.com/cdxgen/cdxgen/issues/3573)
- [[lua] luarocks support](https://github.com/cdxgen/cdxgen/issues/3485)

## [louislam/uptime-kuma](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma)

- [On the maintenance creation form, link start and end times together](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma/issues/7044)
- [Password Reset via CLI does not work on Embedded MariaDB](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma/issues/5670)
- [RATE-LIMIT log message every 10 seconds, even with all monitors paused.](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma/issues/5122)

## [nodejs/doc-kit](https://github.com/nodejs/doc-kit)

- [Use i18n for common strings](https://github.com/nodejs/doc-kit/issues/280)
- [Tests for `metadata` generator](https://github.com/nodejs/doc-kit/issues/491)
- [Add `cli-progress` (Progress Bar) for CLI](https://github.com/nodejs/doc-kit/issues/58)
- [Generating the Stability Overview](https://github.com/nodejs/doc-kit/issues/357)

## [meshery/meshery.io](https://github.com/meshery/meshery.io)

- [[Website] Buttons should be of different colors on Models pages](https://github.com/meshery/meshery.io/issues/2389)

## [carverauto/serviceradar](https://github.com/carverauto/serviceradar)

- [feat(topo): screenshot button](https://github.com/carverauto/serviceradar/issues/2917)
- [feat(web-ng): sankey split on cloud providers](https://github.com/carverauto/serviceradar/issues/2943)
- [feat: TFTP server](https://github.com/carverauto/serviceradar/issues/192)
- [feat: Mikrotik support (API)](https://github.com/carverauto/serviceradar/issues/2793)
- [feat(web-ng): enhance sightings in device details](https://github.com/carverauto/serviceradar/issues/2770)
- [feat(netflow): shodan integration](https://github.com/carverauto/serviceradar/issues/2765)
- [feat: add support for vector](https://github.com/carverauto/serviceradar/issues/2764)

## [lokus-ai/lokus](https://github.com/lokus-ai/lokus)

- [[Mobile]: Make tab close button always visible on touch devices](https://github.com/lokus-ai/lokus/issues/313)
- [[Feature]: Implement star/favorite toggle for emails](https://github.com/lokus-ai/lokus/issues/291)

## [brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io)

- [The Docker image now builds but the following tests now fail](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/971)
- [Can we configure `pyproject.toml` to have an entry for `codespell` ?](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/954)
- [Remove all alert() in script.js and create a custom and nice user-friendly alert by css/js](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/631)
- [We should inline the bandit skips for more coverage](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/585)
- [Add Open Graph protocol tags](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/453)
- [Create Responsive Designs: Use responsive prefixes like sm:, md:, and lg: to create layouts that adapt to different screen sizes.](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/840)
- [Add Filters and Effects: Use classes for blur, brightness, grayscale, contrast, and other visual effects.](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/839)
- [Create nice image display for when clicking on images for the whole site](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/819)
- [To improve maintainability and reduce repetition we should use component classes by using `@apply` in your CSS file](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/799)
- [Fix Super Linter CSS error](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/772)
- [Fix Super-Linter gitleaks](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/771)
- [Tailwind CSS grid for about page moderators ](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/739)
- [Enhance the contributing guide](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/733)
- [FRONT: Change theme toggle icon to sun / mon / and special one (for random) after clicking on each one](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/689)
- [Deeply check TailwindCSS output css file](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/595)
- [We need to double check to make sure we fully ignore _site and _deploy dir from eslint, prettier, pre-commit, and other linters/checkers](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/594)
- [We need to have all CSS responsive images](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/373)
- [Minutes from BSC meeting 24/06/2025 version 2.0](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/243)
- [Need some server rules for Discord](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/170)
- [Add GitHub issue templates](https://github.com/brisbanesocialchess/brisbanesocialchess.github.io/issues/46)

## [antropos17/Aegis](https://github.com/antropos17/Aegis)

- [ü§ñ Improve README: add GIF demo and screenshots](https://github.com/antropos17/Aegis/issues/34)
- [Agent database: community contributions](https://github.com/antropos17/Aegis/issues/18)
- [Keyboard shortcuts and accessibility](https://github.com/antropos17/Aegis/issues/17)
- [Demo mode (browser-only, no Electron)](https://github.com/antropos17/Aegis/issues/10)

## [nedcodes-ok/cursor-doctor](https://github.com/nedcodes-ok/cursor-doctor)

- [Add --quiet flag to suppress non-error output](https://github.com/nedcodes-ok/cursor-doctor/issues/10)
- [Add JSON output format for lint results](https://github.com/nedcodes-ok/cursor-doctor/issues/12)

## [nedcodes-ok/rule-gen](https://github.com/nedcodes-ok/rule-gen)

- [Add Python project detection](https://github.com/nedcodes-ok/rule-gen/issues/6)
- [Add --output-dir flag](https://github.com/nedcodes-ok/rule-gen/issues/5)

## [SchemaStore/schemastore](https://github.com/SchemaStore/schemastore)

- [Mermaid Graphing Schema](https://github.com/SchemaStore/schemastore/issues/5095)

## [vercel/next.js](https://github.com/vercel/next.js)

- [Dynamic Routes in Symlinks is not working](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/issues/16660)

## [stdlib-js/stdlib](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib)

- [Fix JavaScript lint errors](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/10582)
- [[RFC]: Add C implementation for `@stdlib/stats/base/dists/erlang/pdf`](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/3575)
- [Fix JavaScript lint errors](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/10528)
- [Fix JavaScript lint errors](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/10501)
- [[RFC]: add `stats/incr/nanmpcorrdist`](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/5602)
- [[RFC]: add `stats/incr/nanmprod`](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/5604)
- [[RFC]: add `stats/incr/nanmrange`](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/5605)
- [[RFC]: Add C implementation for `@stdlib/stats/base/dists/hypergeometric/cdf`](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/3659)
- [Fix JavaScript lint errors](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/10184)
- [Fix JavaScript lint errors](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/10084)
- [[RFC]: Add C implementation for `@stdlib/stats/base/dists/chi/skewness`](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/3497)
- [[RFC]: Add C implementation for `@stdlib/stats/base/dists/chi/kurtosis`](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/3491)
- [Fix JavaScript lint errors](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/10073)
- [Fix JavaScript lint errors](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/10017)
- [Fix broken Markdown link: https://doi.org/10.1145/3221664.3221674](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/issues/10018)

## [zen-browser/desktop](https://github.com/zen-browser/desktop)

- [Allow changing interface font for generic Linux tarball](https://github.com/zen-browser/desktop/issues/12500)
- ["Close Pinned Tab Shortcut Behavior" ignored for "Places" tab](https://github.com/zen-browser/desktop/issues/12353)
- [using my GoBack mouse button switches workspaces](https://github.com/zen-browser/desktop/issues/12491)
- [duplicate tab shortcut missing](https://github.com/zen-browser/desktop/issues/11411)
- [Bookmark menu shows up in wrong place, and its entries' context menu has weird layout problem](https://github.com/zen-browser/desktop/issues/10542)
- [Tab preview text illegible in front of light background](https://github.com/zen-browser/desktop/issues/12410)

## [nextcloud/spreed](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed)

- [talk couldn't work after install the ‚Äútalk_matterbridge‚Äù](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/13594)
- [Limit to groups in federated target server breaks federation](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/12429)
- [Reactions notifications when fully subscribed in federated conversations](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/11857)
- [System message shows "guest added user" to a conversation when adding through circle/team](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/11768)
- [Write tests for "Team resources" integration](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/11746)
- [Instant meeting outside of dashboard?](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/15276)
- [Remove redundant unread mention button when filtering for unread mentions](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/16473)
- [Unknown error at connectivity check with TURN Server when user is not in "Limit to Groups" list and  `turns: only` is selected](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/11550)
- [Change participants info button from hover tooltip to popover](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/15547)
- [Guest: Ability to change name in personal controls 3-dot-menu as well as in participant list](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/5028)
- [Remove room description field in video verification room](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/5327)
- [Default value for message expiration](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/9732)
- [Show emoji name on mouseover](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/14446)
- [ Enter and Shift+Enter for the send key in Chat function.](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/3268)
- [Imprint and privacy links in public talk conversations](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/14547)
- [Migrate addParticipantToRoom to InvitationList](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/14570)
- [Migrate OCC to InvitationList](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/14571)
- [Go back to autopilot mode if re-clicking selected participant](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/3518)
- [Configurable message expiration](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/8547)
- [Add configurable list view of contacts](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/15331)
- [Dashboard widget should show the actual mention message](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/issues/4468)

## [PipedreamHQ/pipedream](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream)

- [[ACTION]](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/20140)
- [[ACTION] Add Microsoft Graph Create Draft to Reply](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/20134)
- [[ACTION]](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/19997)
- [[ACTION] Trengo get email message content](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/20040)
- [[ACTION]STP and Payment Summary Lodgement](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/20067)
- [[TRIGGER]](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/20069)
- [[Get Rows]](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/20089)
- [[ACTION] Set Record / Put Record for Clickup to NinjaOne Email Reply, Comment](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/19818)
- [[ACTION] Get DPD parcel status](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/20027)
- [[ACTION]  Add actions to retrieve Zoom meeting summaries (single, multiple, and user-specific)](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/19829)
- [[ACTION]Add admin actions to retrieve Zoom meeting summaries (single, multiple, and user-specific)](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/20063)
- [[ACTION] BigQuery - Add Google Drive OAuth Scope for External Table Support](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/19729)
- [[ACTION] iCal Calendar Management (Create, Update, Delete Events)](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/19521)
- [[ACTION] Nuvemshop(TiendaNube)](https://github.com/PipedreamHQ/pipedream/issues/19495)

## [hackforla/tdm-calculator](https://github.com/hackforla/tdm-calculator)

- [FAQ database: Add content: How can I search and filter my projects](https://github.com/hackforla/tdm-calculator/issues/2744)
- [FAQ database: Add content: how to convert a project draft to a snapshot](https://github.com/hackforla/tdm-calculator/issues/2753)
- [FAQ database: How to delete projects, view deleted projects and then Restore Projects](https://github.com/hackforla/tdm-calculator/issues/2752)
- [FAQ database: How do I hide or unhide a project from my list](https://github.com/hackforla/tdm-calculator/issues/2749)
- [FAQ database: How to Submit a Snapshot](https://github.com/hackforla/tdm-calculator/issues/2754)
- [Dev: Create Page to Display when production site is off-line.](https://github.com/hackforla/tdm-calculator/issues/1396)

## [darfaz/clawmoat](https://github.com/darfaz/clawmoat)

- [Add `clawmoat init` command to generate a starter config file](https://github.com/darfaz/clawmoat/issues/17)
- [Add configurable alert templates for custom webhook payloads](https://github.com/darfaz/clawmoat/issues/16)
- [Add Windows path support for forbidden zones](https://github.com/darfaz/clawmoat/issues/15)
- [Add JSON report output for `clawmoat report --format json`](https://github.com/darfaz/clawmoat/issues/14)
- [Add SARIF output format for CI/CD integration](https://github.com/darfaz/clawmoat/issues/13)
- [Docker support](https://github.com/darfaz/clawmoat/issues/3)
- [Add LangChain integration](https://github.com/darfaz/clawmoat/issues/1)
- [Add CrewAI middleware](https://github.com/darfaz/clawmoat/issues/2)

## [open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io)

- [[Docs]: Error in instructions on how to build a custom collector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io/issues/8941)
- [PHP Instrumentation - incorrect example for Metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io/issues/9184)

## [processing/p5.js](https://github.com/processing/p5.js)

- [[p5.js 2.0 Beta Bug Report]: Document difference between textWidth and fontWidth with respect to whitespace](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/7745)
- [[p5.js 2.0 Bug Report]: Warnings about omitting strokes on high-detail 3D primitives don't use FES](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/8387)
- [[2.0] Deprecate `array()` method of `p5.Vector`](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/8151)
- [[2.0] Add array, vector overloads to `createVector()` for consistency](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/8157)
- [[2.x] Fix dimensional quirk in the `setHeading()` method of `p5.Vector`](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/8215)
- [[p5.js 2.0 Bug Report]: if use min() and max() with Infinity or -Infinity, it throws friendly error](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/8104)
- [[2.x] Fix dimensional quirk in the `heading()` method of `p5.Vector`](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/8214)

## [mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center)

- [Add hover tooltips to all dashboard metrics](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center/issues/76)
- [Add system health summary to TopBar (agent counts by status)](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center/issues/75)
- [Add WebSocket connection status indicator to TopBar](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center/issues/74)
- [Add task search and filtering](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center/issues/54)
- [Add dark/light theme toggle](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center/issues/53)
- [Add task count summary badges to TaskQueue header](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center/issues/69)
- [Enhance empty state in TaskQueue with illustration and CTA button](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center/issues/68)
- [Add notification system with toast messages](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center/issues/59)
- [Add export task results as CSV/JSON](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center/issues/57)
- [Support custom Ollama model selection via UI](https://github.com/mrdushidush/agent-battle-command-center/issues/41)

## [BunnyNabbit/voxel-telephone](https://github.com/BunnyNabbit/voxel-telephone)

- [Push player reports to integrations](https://github.com/BunnyNabbit/voxel-telephone/issues/157)

## [jdsalasca/timebank-protocol](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol)

- [story:TBP-P2-005 design low-connectivity mobile workflow and sync policy](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/55)
- [story:TBP-P2-004 build policy simulation sandbox for threshold/reputation](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/54)
- [story:TBP-P1-007 add pilot health snapshot exports](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/53)
- [story:TBP-P1-006 add trust explainability timeline endpoint](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/52)
- [story:TBP-P1-005 add member recovery guidance engine](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/51)
- [story:TBP-P2-002 prototype proof-of-care attestations](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/50)
- [story:TBP-P2-001 design federation-ready community contracts](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/49)
- [story:TBP-P1-004 add dispute triage and intervention workflow](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/48)
- [story:TBP-P1-003 version policy metadata and expose through API](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/47)
- [story:TBP-P1-002 build weekly operations digest automation](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/46)
- [story:TBP-P1-001 add reputation scoring and explainability](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/45)
- [story:TBP-P0-008 add reproducibility gate for ledger outputs](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/44)
- [story:TBP-P0-007 deliver coordinator fairness dashboard v1](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/43)
- [story:TBP-P0-006 ship anti-abuse anomaly alerts for debt velocity](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/42)
- [story:TBP-P0-005 make disputes and confirmations first-class events](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/41)
- [story:TBP-P0-004 add negative threshold policy enforcement](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/40)
- [story:TBP-P0-003 introduce immutable ledger event identifiers](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/39)
- [story:TBP-P0-002 implement deterministic balance recomputation](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/38)
- [story:TBP-P0-001 harden ledger schema and replay protections](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/37)
- [policy: community voting module for protocol parameters](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/36)
- [mobile: offline-first field transaction signing](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/35)
- [proof: verifiable proof-of-care attestations](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/34)
- [identity: portable time wallet and trust passport starter](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/33)
- [federation: cross-community interoperability contract](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/32)
- [alerts: urgent-needs broadcast mode](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/31)
- [scripts: monthly protocol health report generation](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/30)
- [governance: transparent policy-change log](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/29)
- [contracts: version policy metadata and threshold assumptions](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/28)
- [fairness: contribution distribution and debt concentration heatmap](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/27)
- [operations: unresolved disputes triage workflow](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/26)
- [operations: coordinator weekly digest generation](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/25)
- [dashboard: network health and transaction velocity metrics](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/24)
- [reputation: on-time completion and reliability scoring](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/23)
- [messaging: request accepted and completion reminder workflows](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/22)
- [ci: add ledger reproducibility quality gate](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/21)
- [dashboard: add coordinator fairness and risk panel](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/20)
- [matching: add skill + availability matching v1](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/19)
- [anti-abuse: implement suspicious debt accumulation alerts](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/18)
- [anti-abuse: detect velocity anomalies for new members](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/17)
- [protocol: add dispute and confirmation events as first-class records](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/16)
- [protocol: add configurable negative-balance threshold policy](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/15)
- [ledger: add immutable transaction and event IDs](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/14)
- [ledger: implement canonical balance recomputation from raw events](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/13)
- [ledger: enforce strict transaction schema and replay protection](https://github.com/jdsalasca/timebank-protocol/issues/12)

## [reactjs/react.dev](https://github.com/reactjs/react.dev)

- [[Bug]: Images hosted on imgur now no longer work in the UK](https://github.com/reactjs/react.dev/issues/8110)

## [hackforla/website](https://github.com/hackforla/website)

- [Update Project Profile: Hackforla.org Website Add Xavier Neal-Carson](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8361)
- [Update Project Profile: Civic Tech Jobs (Add Tech: AWS)](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8333)
- [Update the Date for the Site Map](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8489)
- [Correct Oxford Comma in Projects Page](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8510)
- [Correct Oxford Comma in Communities of Practice Page](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8511)
- [Correct Oxford Comma in Join Us Page](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8512)
- [Correct Oxford Comma in Join Us Page](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8513)
- [Correct Comma in Site Map Page](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8514)
- [Correct Comma in Project Meetings Page](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8539)
- [Update Project Profile: Civic Tech Jobs (Add Tech: Vite)](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8332)
- [Update Community of Practice: UI/UX Remove Leo Peng](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8540)
- [Update `Github` to `GitHub` in Footer of Sitemap Image](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8488)
- [ER: Find all the places that Github should be GitHub and fix](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/6161)
- [Update Donate page in Figma to reflect changes on site ](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/4051)
- [Remove unused file current-projects-check.html](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/7780)
- [ER: Sometimes we use quotes around text in .md files and sometimes we don't](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/7540)
- [Epic: Fix Name Inconsistencies in the Tools Filter](https://github.com/hackforla/website/issues/8497)

